All right, shall we rock and
roll on this first exercise?
I'm so excited about this.
So non-nav mutations with useFetcher, so
we've got a form on the invoice ID page.
So let me actually run node dev
1 to get this up and running,
and you'll wanna do the same.
Again, you wanna log in, kody@remix.run,
kodylovesyou is the password.
We have a deposits input or
section here where you
can add additional deposits for
an invoice.
So let's say that for this cat drawing,
somebody paid an additional $3,000,
they paid it today, another installment,
do whatever you want.
And when I click Create,
you're gonna notice we get a full
page refresh when that happens.
And we're being redirected back
to the same page where we are.
What is actually happening is we
end up with a point in our history
stack that points to the exact
same page that we're on.
So we can go back and forth between these.
And the browser is kind of acting,
the way that it does, actually,
it's kind of interesting how that works,
to go back and
forth between the same page,
that doesn't make any sense.
So whereas creating a new invoice
would redirect to that new
invoice we just created,
that makes total sense for that.
In this case, it doesn't make sense to
redirect you where you're already at.
So you could think of this as kind of
like favoriting a tweet, or whatever.
So your job is to change this so that it
behaves in such a way that it just makes
a fetch request and does not involve
a navigation of any kind, okay?
You'll notice that in the code
that we're using a regular form.
Normally with Remix,
you're going to use the uppercase form, so
you don't get the full page refresh.
But the uppercase form, the component form
that we typically are using with Remix,
that also does a navigation.
That emulates the same behavior
as a regular form, and
so you're still gonna get this
entry in your history stack.
And that is not desirable either.
So we're going to use
a special hook called
useFetcher to just make a fetch
request and not do a navigation, okay?
I think that's enough background and
everything,
and you have the background in here,
so I will let you struggle a bit.
Like I said,
this one actually is literally two or
three lines of code changed, so spend
a little time looking at the differences.